docs: clarify the location of middleware.ts (#83056)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/01-getting-started/15-route-handlers-and-middleware.mdx

### Convention

> Use the file `middleware.ts` (or `.js`) at the same level as `pages` or `app` directories to define Middleware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `middleware.ts` (or `.js`) file in the project root, or inside `src` if applicable, so that is located at the same level as `pages` or `app`.
```
